Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
You are number 6!  Who is number one?
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits:
freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
		-- Mark Twain
All say, "How hard it is that we have to die"--a strange complaint to come from
the mouths of people who have had to live.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
Q:	Why did the WASP cross the road?
A:	To get to the middle.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a
thing he tells you.
Never reveal your best argument.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live
in eucalyptus trees.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the
difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
		-- Mark Twain
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You have an unusual magnetic personality.  Don't walk too close to
metal objects which are not fastened down.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
What I tell you three times is true.
		-- Lewis Carroll
So you're back... about time...
Q:	What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
A:	Open other end.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a
week sometimes to make it up.
		-- Mark Twain, "The Innocents Abroad"
Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.
O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2
He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
		-- Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet, II. 2"
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be
misinterpreted by somebody.
Accent on helpful side of your nature.  Drain the moat.
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Q:	How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A:	9 edge down.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
You are capable of planning your future.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
Q:	How many gradual (sorry, that's supposed to be "graduate") students
	does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	"I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my
	advisor a $30,000 grant of the taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he
	can tell me how to do the gruntwork for him so he can take the
	credit for answering this incredibly vital question."
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
Tell the truth or trump--but get the trick.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	To see his friend Gregory peck.

Q:	Why did the chicken cross the playground?
A:	To get to the other slide.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and
are making another attack.
Q:	What's the contour integral around Western Europe?
A:	Zero, because all the Poles are in Eastern Europe!

Addendum: Actually, there ARE some Poles in Western Europe, but they
	are removable!

Q:	An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his
	very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God?
A:	Yes, up to isomorphism!

Q:	What is a compact city?
A:	It's a city that can be guarded by finitely many near-sighted
	policemen!
		-- Peter Lax
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket"--which is
but a manner of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention;" but the wise
man saith, "Put all your eggs in the one basket and--WATCH THAT BASKET."
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
		-- Mark Twain
Cheer Up!  Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Q:	What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
A:	Dating a Canadian.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!
Q:	How do you shoot a blue elephant?
A:	With a blue-elephant gun.

Q:	How do you shoot a pink elephant?
A:	Twist its trunk until it turns blue, then shoot it with
	a blue-elephant gun.
All say, "How hard it is that we have to die"--a strange complaint to come from
the mouths of people who have had to live.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
		-- Mark Twain
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901.
You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference
between a mermaid and a seal.
		-- Mark Twain
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.  I
will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.  The Spirits of all
Three shall strive within me.  I will not shut out the lessons that they
teach.  Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the writing on this stone!
		-- Charles Dickens
What happened last night can happen again.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Q:	Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
A:	You do all of the work and the fat guy in the suit
	gets all the credit.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live
in eucalyptus trees.
Q:	Why haven't you graduated yet?
A:	Well, Dad, I could have finished years ago, but I wanted
	my dissertation to rhyme.
The Bulwer-Lytton fiction contest is held ever year at San Jose State
Univ.  by Professor Scott Rice.  It is held in memory of Edward George
Earle Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873), a rather prolific and popular (in his
time) novelist.  He is best known today for having written "The Last
Days of Pompeii."

Whenever Snoopy starts typing his novel from the top of his doghouse,
beginning "It was a dark and stormy night..." he is borrowing from Lord
Bulwer-Lytton.  This was the line that opened his novel, "Paul Clifford,"
written in 1830.  The full line reveals why it is so bad:

	It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents -- except
	at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of
	wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene
	lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty
	flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You're not my type.  For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live,
mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time,
the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn
like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
		-- Jack Kerouac, "On the Road"
You will forget that you ever knew me.
Lady Luck brings added income today.  Lady friend takes it away tonight.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare
There is always one thing to remember: writers are always selling somebody out.
		-- Joan Didion, "Slouching Towards Bethlehem"
Things past redress and now with me past care.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
		-- Mark Twain
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #5
A:	The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli.
Q:	Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
		-- Meher Baba
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"
The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
Zounds!  I was never so bethumped with words
since I first called my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Kind John"
Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.
Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.
A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
F.S. Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain
Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
You should go home.
Whoever has lived long enough to find out what life is, knows how deep a debt
of gratitude we owe to Adam, the first great benefactor of our race.  He
brought death into the world.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
When I reflect upon the number of disagreeable people who I know who have gone
to a better world, I am moved to lead a different life.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Condense soup, not books!
Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more
deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain
This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Is this really happening?
Your love life will be... interesting.
Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]
You will gain money by an illegal action.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
Q:	What is the sound of one cat napping?
A:	Mu.
October 12, the Discovery.

It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss
it.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
Q:	How many gradual (sorry, that's supposed to be "graduate") students
	does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	"I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my
	advisor a $30,000 grant of the taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he
	can tell me how to do the gruntwork for him so he can take the
	credit for answering this incredibly vital question."
Q:	What is the difference between a duck?
A:	One leg is both the same.
In India, "cold weather" is merely a conventional phrase and has come into
use through the necessity of having some way to distinguish between weather
which will melt a brass door-knob and weather which will only make it mushy.
		-- Mark Twain
You will inherit millions of dollars.
Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
All say, "How hard it is that we have to die"--a strange complaint to come from
the mouths of people who have had to live.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You are number 6!  Who is number one?
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working
when he's staring out the window.
Green light in A.M. for new projects.  Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to
leave it behind.
Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet,
Are of imagination all compact...
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "A Midsummer Night's Dream"
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
	My dear People.
	My dear Bagginses and Boffins, and my dear Tooks and Brandybucks,
and Grubbs, and Chubbs, and Burrowses, and Hornblowers, and Bolgers,
Bracegirdles, Goodbodies, Brockhouses and Proudfoots.  Also my good
Sackville Bagginses that I welcome back at last to Bag End.  Today is my
one hundred and eleventh birthday: I am eleventy-one today!"
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know.
		-- Mark Twain
You may my glories and my state dispose,
But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.
Q:	How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to screw in the light bulb and two to fend off all those
	Californians trying to share the experience.
Awash with unfocused desire, Everett twisted the lobe of his one remaining
ear and felt the presence of somebody else behind him, which caused terror
to push through his nervous system like a flash flood roaring down the
mid-fork of the Feather River before the completion of the Oroville Dam
in 1959.
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
You should go home.
Even the clearest and most perfect circumstantial evidence is likely to be at
fault, after all, and therefore ought to be received with great caution.  Take
the case of any pencil, sharpened by any woman; if you have witnesses, you will
find she did it with a knife; but if you take simply the aspect of the pencil,
you will say that she did it with her teeth.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will be awarded some great honor.
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
You may be recognized soon.  Hide.
Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
I reverently believe that the maker who made us all  makes everything in New
England, but the weather.  I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be
raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in
New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for
countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere
if they don't get it.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer?
A:	A doberman.
Never laugh at live dragons.
		-- Bilbo Baggins [J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Hobbit"]
I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness;
And from that full meridian of my glory
I haste now to my setting.  I shall fall,
Like a bright exhalation in the evening
And no man see me more.
		-- Shakespeare
You are not dead yet.  But watch for further reports.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do.
Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
		-- Mark Twain
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Q:	What is the difference between a duck?
A:	One leg is both the same.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You're at the end of the road again.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed.
		-- Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice"
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You have no real enemies.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot.  And suppose you were a member of
Congress.  But I repeat myself.
		-- Mark Twain
Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.
You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the
obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and
an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Norwood Builder"
Q:	What is purple and concord the world?
A:	Alexander the Grape.
Advancement in position.
Truth will out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)
You will not be elected to public office this year.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
"Good afternoon, madam.  How may I help you?"

"Good afternoon.  I'd like a FrintArms HandCannon, please."

"A--?  Oh, now, that's an awfully big gun for such a lovely lady.  I
mean, not everybody thinks ladies should carry guns at all, though I
say they have a right to.  But I think... I might... Let's have a look
down here.  I might have just the thing for you.  Yes, here we are!
Look at that, isn't it neat?  Now that is a FrintArms product as well,
but it's what's called a laser -- a light-pistol some people call
them.  Very small, as you see; fits easily into a pocket or bag; won't
spoil the line of a jacket; and you won't feel you're lugging half a
tonne of iron around with you.  We do a range of matching accessories,
including -- if I may say so -- a rather saucy garter holster.  Wish I
got to do the fitting for that!  Ha -- just my little joke.  And
there's *even*... here we are -- this special presentation pack: gun,
charged battery, charging unit, beautiful glider-hide shoulder holster
with adjustable fitting and contrast stitching, and a discount on your
next battery.  Full instructions, of course, and a voucher for free
lessons at your local gun club or range.  Or there's the *special*
presentation pack; it has all the other one's got but with *two*
charged batteries and a night-sight, too.  Here, feel that -- don't
worry, it's a dummy battery -- isn't it neat?  Feel how light it is?
Smooth, see?  No bits to stick out and catch on your clothes, *and*
beautifully balanced.  And of course the beauty of a laser is, there's
no recoil.  Because it's shooting light, you see?  Beautiful gun,
beautiful gun; my wife has one.  Really.  That's not a line, she
really has.  Now, I can do you that one -- with a battery and a free
charge -- for ninety-five; or the presentation pack on a special
offer for one-nineteen; or this, the special presentation pack, for
one-forty-nine."

"I'll take the special."

"Sound choice, madam, *sound* choice.  Now, do--?"

"And a HandCannon, with the eighty-mill silencer, five GP clips, three
six-five AP/wire-fl'echettes clips, two bipropellant HE clips, and a
Special Projectile Pack if you have one -- the one with the embedding
rounds, not the signalers.  I assume the night-sight on this toy is
compatible?"

"Aah... yes,  And how does madam wish to pay?"

She slapped her credit card on the counter.  "Eventually."

		-- Iain M. Banks, "Against a Dark Background"
Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is
oblivion.
		-- Mark Twain
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
Don't get to bragging.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has
only nine lives.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Give him an evasive answer.
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and
enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to
lend money.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately,
they're not all recommended.
I think we are in Rats' Alley where the dead men lost their bones.
		-- T.S. Eliot
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.
You love peace.
What I tell you three times is true.
		-- Lewis Carroll
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer", and the
party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith
agree to a transaction wherein the party of the second part shall be removed
from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed
upon duties, i.e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise illumination of
the area ranging from the front (north) door, through the entryway, terminating
at an area just inside the primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of
the carpet, any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of the
second part and not required by the aforementioned agreement between the
parties.
	The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be
limited to, the following.  The party of the first part shall, with or without
elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other
means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part and rotate the party
of the second part in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being tendered
non-negotiable.  Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part
becomes fully detached from the receptacle, the party of the first part shall
have the option of disposing of the party of the second part in a manner
consistent with all relevant and applicable local, state and federal statutes.
Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part
shall have the option of beginning installation.  Aforesaid installation shall
occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in
step one of this self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation
should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being non-negotiable.
The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the
first part, by any or all agents authorized by him, the objective being to
produce the most possible revenue for the Partnership.
