Q:	Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
A:	It wasn't IBM compatible.
His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god.  He preferred
to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.  He never
claimed to be a god.  But then, he never claimed not to be a god.  Circum-
stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Silence, though, could.  It was in the days of the rains that their prayers
went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of
prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri,
goddess of the Night.  The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through
the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the
Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze
rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday.
Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique...
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"
Do not overtax your powers.
You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
I'll burn my books.
		-- Christopher Marlowe
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31
A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Increased knowledge will help you now.  Have mate's phone bugged.
Q:	How much does it cost to ride the Unibus?
A:	2 bits.
Cold hands, no gloves.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
		-- Mark Twain
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
Q:	Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon?
A:	To impress Jodie Foster.
Perilous to all of us are the devices of an art deeper than we ourselves
possess.
		-- Gandalf the Grey [J.R.R. Tolkien, "Lord of the Rings"]
It is so very hard to be an
on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you
grown-up.
Too much is just enough.
		-- Mark Twain, on whiskey
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that
will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
A:	Dating a Canadian.
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
I'll burn my books.
		-- Christopher Marlowe
You have the body of a 19 year old.  Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
