Q:	How much does it cost to ride the Unibus?
A:	2 bits.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
All say, "How hard it is that we have to die"--a strange complaint to come from
the mouths of people who have had to live.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus.

Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Q:	How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat?
A:	Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.

Q:	How long does it take?
A:	It's indeterminate.
	It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.

Q:	What happens if you've got TWO flats?
A:	They replace your generator.
In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but
the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they
have obtained from books of travel.
		-- Mark Twain
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Q:	How many hardware engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  We'll fix it in software.

Q:	How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The application can work around it.

Q:	How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  We'll document it in the manual.

Q:	How many tech writers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The user can figure it out.
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
Q:	How do you keep a moron in suspense?
Sheriff Chameleotoptor sighed with an air of weary sadness, and then
turned to Doppelgutt and said 'The Senator must really have been on a
bender this time -- he left a party in Cleveland, Ohio, at 11:30 last
night, and they found his car this morning in the smokestack of a British
aircraft carrier in the Formosa Straits.'
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.
Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE
"SOMEONE ELSE."
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made
school boards.
		-- Mark Twain
English literature's performing flea.
		-- Sean O'Casey on P. G. Wodehouse
Cold hands, no gloves.
Q:	Why is Poland just like the United States?
A:	In the United States you can't buy anything for zlotys and in
	Poland you can't either, while in the U.S. you can get whatever
	you want for dollars, just as you can in Poland.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is
not worth sending.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage leaf to make an apple pie;
and at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street pops its head
into the shop. "What! no soap?" So he died, and she very imprudently
married the barber; and there were present the Picninnies, and the Grand
Panjandrum himself, with the little round button at top, and they all
fell to playing the game of catch as catch can, till the gunpowder ran
out at the heels of their boots.
		-- Samuel Foote
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #15
A:	The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Q:	What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?
Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is
oblivion.
		-- Mark Twain
Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Two Gentlemen of Verona"
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of flouride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]
Q:	How many hardware engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  We'll fix it in software.

Q:	How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The application can work around it.

Q:	How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  We'll document it in the manual.

Q:	How many tech writers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The user can figure it out.
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
A horse!  A horse!  My kingdom for a horse!
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
It was all so different before everything changed.
You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very
very thin paper.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more
deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
We know all about the habits of the ant, we know all about the habits of the
bee, but we know nothing at all about the habits of the oyster.  It seems
almost certain that we have been choosing the wrong time for studying the
oyster.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
A horse!  A horse!  My kingdom for a horse!
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Lady Luck brings added income today.  Lady friend takes it away tonight.
You are sick, twisted and perverted.  I like that in a person.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
You are always busy.
You are as I am with You.
Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of flouride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
What happened last night can happen again.
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of
paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
"What's this?  Trix?  Aunt!  Trix?  You?  You're after the prize!  What
is it?"  He picked up the box and studied the back.  "A glow-in-the-dark
squid!  Have you got it out of there yet?"  He tilted the box, angling the
little colored balls of cereal so as to see the bottom, and nearly spilling
them onto the table top.  "Here it is!"  He hauled out a little cream-colored,
glitter-sprinkled squid, three-inches long and made out of rubbery plastic.
		-- James P. Blaylock, "The Last Coin"
Give your very best today.  Heaven knows it's little enough.
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Don't plan any hasty moves.  You'll be evicted soon anyway.
If you can read this, you're too close.
Q:	How many journalists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to report it as an inspired government program to bring
	light to the people, one to report it as a diabolical government plot
	to deprive the poor of darkness, and one to win a Pulitzer prize for
	reporting that Electric Company hired a light bulb-assassin to break
	the bulb in the first place.
No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large.
		-- Mark Twain
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's
new lover.
A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A man in love with a girl who loves another man who looks just
	like him has his head chopped off in France because of a mean
	lady who knits.

Crime and Punishment LITE(tm)
	-- by Fyodor Dostoevski

	A man sends a nasty letter to a pawnbroker, but later
	feels guilty and apologizes.

The Odyssey LITE(tm)
	-- by Homer

	After working late, a valiant warrior gets lost on his way home.
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
So you're back... about time...
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to
leave it behind.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
		-- Shakespeare
Q:	How many hardware engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  We'll fix it in software.

Q:	How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The application can work around it.

Q:	How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  We'll document it in the manual.

Q:	How many tech writers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The user can figure it out.
For a light heart lives long.
		-- Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
