Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
You are going to have a new love affair.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
There is a fly on your nose.
A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A lawyer who looks like a French Nobleman is executed in his place.

The Metamorphosis LITE(tm)
	-- by Franz Kafka

	A man turns into a bug and his family gets annoyed.

Lord of the Rings LITE(tm)
	-- by J. R. R. Tolkien

	Some guys take a long vacation to throw a ring into a volcano.

Hamlet LITE(tm)
	-- by Wm. Shakespeare

	A college student on vacation with family problems, a screwy
	girl-friend and a mother who won't act her age.
Gone With The Wind LITE(tm)
	-- by Margaret Mitchell

	A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed.

Gift of the Magi LITE(tm)
	-- by O. Henry

	A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences.

The Old Man and the Sea LITE(tm)
	-- by Ernest Hemingway

	An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?  It is because we
are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.  Only it's his light bulb when he's done.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
I think we are in Rats' Alley where the dead men lost their bones.
		-- T.S. Eliot
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has
only nine lives.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	How many IBM 370's does it take to execute a job?
A:	Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
The time is right to make new friends.
Many enraged psychiatrists are inciting a weary butcher.  The butcher is
weary and tired because he has cut meat and steak and lamb for hours and
weeks.  He does not desire to chant about anything with raving psychiatrists,
but he sings about his gingivectomist, he dreams about a single cosmologist,
he thinks about his dog.  The dog is named Herbert.
		-- Racter, "The Policeman's Beard is Half-Constructed"
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.
Perilous to all of us are the devices of an art deeper than we ourselves
possess.
		-- Gandalf the Grey [J.R.R. Tolkien, "Lord of the Rings"]
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough to worry.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
Seeing that death, a necessary end,
Will come when it will come.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
		-- Mark Twain
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night
to write.
		-- Saul Bellow
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
Courage is your greatest present need.
Lady Luck brings added income today.  Lady friend takes it away tonight.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
You have an unusual magnetic personality.  Don't walk too close to
metal objects which are not fastened down.
Q:	Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and
	New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
A:	God gave New Jersey first choice.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.  Therefore you
have few friends.
You may my glories and my state dispose,
But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
Q:	Why did the chicken cross the road?
A:	To see his friend Gregory peck.

Q:	Why did the chicken cross the playground?
A:	To get to the other slide.
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind.  Then it passes off and I'm
as intelligent as ever.
		-- Samuel Beckett, "Endgame"
You will be married within a year.
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
		-- Mark Twain
The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that
will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
		-- Mark Twain
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901.
Your step will soil many countries.
Q:	What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?
A:	A dope ring.

Q:	Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?
A:	To cover up the valve stem.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
	You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the
Abernetty family was first brought to my notice by the depth which the
parsley had sunk into the butter upon a hot day.
		-- Sherlock Holmes
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
		-- Mark Twain
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
Do what comes naturally.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus.

Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.
Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
Q:	What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
A:	The same middle name.
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai
sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles.

Oh, and have a nice day!
		-- Bryce Nesbitt '84
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the
obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and
an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Norwood Builder"
There is no character, howsoever good and fine, but it can be destroyed by
ridicule, howsoever poor and witless.  Observe the ass, for instance: his
character is about perfect, he is the choicest spirit among all the humbler
animals, yet see what ridicule has brought him to.  Instead of feeling
complimented when we are called an ass, we are left in doubt.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You have no real enemies.
Sheriff Chameleotoptor sighed with an air of weary sadness, and then
turned to Doppelgutt and said 'The Senator must really have been on a
bender this time -- he left a party in Cleveland, Ohio, at 11:30 last
night, and they found his car this morning in the smokestack of a British
aircraft carrier in the Formosa Straits.'
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.
Q:	What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and
	plays like a monkey?
A:	Nothing.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
There is a fly on your nose.
Consider well the proportions of things.  It is better to be a young June-bug
than an old bird of paradise.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"
	"The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --"
	"My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.
	"I was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
		-- A. Conan Doyle, "The Valley of Fear"
This was the most unkindest cut of all.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.
You will be married within a year.
There are more things in heaven and earth,
Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Hamlet"
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a
thing he tells you.
Is this really happening?
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion
that makes horse-races.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
A:	Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Tempest"
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until
drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler
Q:	How many existentialists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to observe how the light bulb
	itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective
	reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a
	maudlin cosmos of nothingness.
Snow Day -- stay home.
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
