You will forget that you ever knew me.
O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
		-- "Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made
school boards.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	How many Harvard MBA's does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Just one.  He grasps it firmly and the universe revolves around him.
My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
A pity that it's totally undeserved.
Patch griefs with proverbs.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
Things past redress and now with me past care.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
Delay not, Caesar.  Read it instantly.
		-- Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar" 3,1

Here is a letter, read it at your leisure.
		-- Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice" 5,1

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to I/O system services.]
Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus.

Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is
in it - and stay there, lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot
stove-lid.  She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again - and that
is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one any more.
		-- Mark Twain
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You have a truly strong individuality.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying?
A:	When his lips move.
Q:	How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two, one to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub
	with brightly colored machine tools.

	[Surrealist jokes just aren't my cup of fur.  Ed.]
You will be successful in love.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely
larger than others.
The Least Successful Collector
	Betsy Baker played a central role in the history of collecting.  She
was employed as a servant in the house of John Warburton (1682-1759) who had
amassed a fine collection of 58 first edition plays, including most of the
works of Shakespeare.
	One day Warburton returned home to find 55 of them charred beyond
legibility.  Betsy had either burned them or used them as pie bottoms.  The
remaining three folios are now in the British Museum.
	The only comparable literary figure was the maid who in 1835 burned
the manuscript of the first volume of Thomas Carlyle's "The Hisory of the
French Revolution", thinking it was wastepaper.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel
Q:	Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and
	New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
A:	God gave New Jersey first choice.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that
you're growing into.
There's small choice in rotten apples.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't
understand his own meaning.
		-- George D. Prentice
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
Remark of Dr. Baldwin's concerning upstarts: We don't care to eat toadstools
that think they are truffles.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
